I don't know.
All I know is that he came to me on his own initiative
I just follow his rules
President Xi, what you just said will not be broken in love.
Of course I will try hard
Eat you in a spicy mouth
If you let your father live, you can't eat it.
Why are you so blind?
He stopped it just in time
Did you promise me to break in here?
I just promised you, I'm not
Even if you are not a gambler
What's so sad about giving up on me?
I won't let you go
You get out
Yunchuan, Gu Yiming and I have no grievances
There's no reason to want to kill me
If you want me to say, it must be Qin Xiaoxuan who offended behind his back
Maybe they never break.
Mom, don't worry.
I will do this again.
Yinchuan, look at the mobile news
This is clearly Qin Xiaoxuan deliberately breaking the news to reporters